
License for the NetForum=81 Software

IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY: Installation of the NetForum=81 software packag=
e
(hereinafter the "Software") is contingent on your (hereinafter
"Recipient") agreement to the following terms.  By downloading, installing
and using the Software you are agreeing to be bound by all terms and
conditions of this agreement.

1. COPYRIGHT - The Software is copyright1995-96 by the Board of Regents of
the University of Wisconsin System (hereinafter "Copyright Holder")

2. GRANT OF LICENSE - The Copyright Holder grants Recipient a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to use the Software package.  All
other rights are reserved by the Copyright Holder.  Recipient shall NOT
sell, sub-license, re-distribute, or otherwise transfer the Software,
including any accompanying printed or written materials, or artwork.
Recipient may NOT disassemble, re-code, or otherwise modify the Software in
ANY way.  The copyright holder shall retain all title and ownership rights
to the Software.  The Software is protected by the copyright laws of the
United States and international copyright treaties.  Recipient's licensed
rights to the Software are limited to the following:

(a) ONE TIME THIRTY DAY USE AT NO CHARGE - Recipient is entitled to install
and use one copy of the executable of the Software ONE TIME ONLY AT NO
CHARGE for a period of 30 days, commencing the day the software is
downloaded.  Recipient is entitled to this priviledge ONE TIME ONLY.

(b) USE FEE - After the 30 day free use period the Recipient must initiate
payment of $50.00 US Dollars for each executable which is still in use.
=46ailure to pay this fee is a VIOLATION of this agreement.  If the Software
is no longer in use the Recipient must destroy all copies of the Software
and all accompanying materials.

3. SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE - The Copyright holder is not obligated to provide
maintenance, support, or updates to the Recipient for the Software, however
any maintenance, support, or updates provided shall be covered by the
agreement.

4. DISCLAIMER OR WARRANTY - The Software is deemed accepted by Recipient.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WIHTOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION REMAINS WITH THE RECIPIENT.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY - UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, WHETHER IN TORT,
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE TO RECIPIENT OR
ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
GODDWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL
OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF COPYRIGHT HOLDER SHALL HAVE
BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY
OTHER PARTY.

6. TERMINATION - The Copyright Holder may terminate this Agreement in the
event of default by the Recipient.  Upon any termination of this Agreement,
Recipient shall immediately discontinue the use of the Software, and shall
within ten (10) days, certify destruction of all, full, or partial copies
of the Software, Documentation and related materials.

7. GOVERNING LAW - This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Wisconsin, and Recipient further consents to jurisdiction by the
State and Federal courts sitting in the State of Wisconsin.  This agreement
shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of Contracts for
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is hereby expressly
excluded.

8. MISCELLANEOUS - This agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Copyright Holder and the Recipient with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and supercedes all prior oral or written
understandings, communications or agreements not specifically incorporated
herein.  This Agreement may not be modified except in a writing duly
authorized by a representative of the Copyright Holder and the Recipient.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any
reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to
make it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect the enforceability
(i) of such provision under other circumstances, or (ii) of the remaining
provisions hereof under all circumstances.  Headings shall not be
considered in interpreting this Agreement




License for the NetForum=81 Software

IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY: Installation of the NetForum=81 software packag=
e
(hereinafter the "Software") is contingent on your (hereinafter
"Recipient") agreement to the following terms.  By downloading, installing
and using the Software you are agreeing to be bound by all terms and
conditions of this agreement.

1. COPYRIGHT - The Software is copyright1995-96 by the Board of Regents of
the University of Wisconsin System (hereinafter "Copyright Holder")

2. GRANT OF LICENSE - The Copyright Holder grants Recipient a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to use the Software package.  All
other rights are reserved by the Copyright Holder.  Recipient shall NOT
sell, sub-license, re-distribute, or otherwise transfer the Software,
including any accompanying printed or written materials, or artwork.
Recipient may NOT disassemble, re-code, or otherwise modify the Software in
ANY way.  The copyright holder shall retain all title and ownership rights
to the Software.  The Software is protected by the copyright laws of the
United States and international copyright treaties.  Recipient's licensed
rights to the Software are limited to the following:

(a) ONE TIME THIRTY DAY USE AT NO CHARGE - Recipient is entitled to install
and use one copy of the executable of the Software ONE TIME ONLY AT NO
CHARGE for a period of 30 days, commencing the day the software is
downloaded.  Recipient is entitled to this priviledge ONE TIME ONLY.

(b) USE FEE - After the 30 day free use period the Recipient must initiate
payment of $50.00 US Dollars for each executable which is still in use.
=46ailure to pay this fee is a VIOLATION of this agreement.  If the Software
is no longer in use the Recipient must destroy all copies of the Software
and all accompanying materials.

3. SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE - The Copyright holder is not obligated to provide
maintenance, support, or updates to the Recipient for the Software, however
any maintenance, support, or updates provided shall be covered by the
agreement.

4. DISCLAIMER OR WARRANTY - The Software is deemed accepted by Recipient.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WIHTOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION REMAINS WITH THE RECIPIENT.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY - UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, WHETHER IN TORT,
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE TO RECIPIENT OR
ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
GODDWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL
OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF COPYRIGHT HOLDER SHALL HAVE
BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY
OTHER PARTY.

6. TERMINATION - The Copyright Holder may terminate this Agreement in the
event of default by the Recipient.  Upon any termination of this Agreement,
Recipient shall immediately discontinue the use of the Software, and shall
within ten (10) days, certify destruction of all, full, or partial copies
of the Software, Documentation and related materials.

7. GOVERNING LAW - This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Wisconsin, and Recipient further consents to jurisdiction by the
State and Federal courts sitting in the State of Wisconsin.  This agreement
shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of Contracts for
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is hereby expressly
excluded.

8. MISCELLANEOUS - This agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Copyright Holder and the Recipient with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and supercedes all prior oral or written
understandings, communications or agreements not specifically incorporated
herein.  This Agreement may not be modified except in a writing duly
authorized by a representative of the Copyright Holder and the Recipient.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any
reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to
make it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect the enforceability
(i) of such provision under other circumstances, or (ii) of the remaining
provisions hereof under all circumstances.  Headings shall not be
considered in interpreting this Agreement



